# AutoSettings for WizardHax
killaura delay 4
killaura cooldown true
killaura randomdelay false
killaura range 7.2
killaura switch true
killaura throughwalls true
killaura priority health
velocity multiplier 0
tower fast true
antibot tab false
antibot color false
antibot livingtime false
antibot ping false
autoarmor bypass false
speed type ncpbhop
fly vanillaspeed 0.6
nofall toggle true
antilevitation toggle true
anticactus toggle true
autosword toggle true
criticals toggle true
killaura toggle true
velocity toggle true
fastclimb toggle true
esp toggle true
antibot toggle false
esp toggle true
fullbright toggle true
itemesp toggle true
norotateset toggle true
liquidwalk toggle true
noslow toggle true